1. He's a short-sighted playboy photographer living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
2. He's a bookish drug-addicted farmboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
3. He's an all-American moralistic hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
4. He's a genetically engineered alcoholic cat burglar with a secret.
5. He's a superhumanly strong native American paramedic who believes he can never love again.
6. He's a scarfaced albino dwarf who dotes on his loving old ma.
7. He's a witless bohemian Green Beret on the wrong side of the law.
8. He's a globe-trotting zombie jungle king on the wrong side of the law.
9. He's an oversexed bohemian Green Beret with nothing left to lose.
10. He's a world-famous guitar-strumming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme.
11. He's a scrappy ninja cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
12. He's an unconventional overambitious paranormal investigator on a mission from God.
13. He's a maverick moralistic waffle chef fleeing from a secret government programme.
14. He's a genetically engineered ninja messiah on his last day in the job.
15. He's an underprivileged moralistic werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
16. He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
17. He's an obese overambitious boxer from the Mississippi delta.
18. He's an impetuous umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on a search for his missing sister.
19. He's a scrappy bohemian gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
20. He's a benighted skateboarding barbarian on a search for his missing sister.
21. He's a Nobel prize-winning soccer-playing gentleman spy from the 'hood.
22. He's an otherworldly crooked cat burglar on his last day in the job.
23. He's a suicidal native American sorceror who must take medication to keep him sane.
24. He's a scrappy albino hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.'
25. He's a benighted arachnophobic vampire hunter on the run.
26. He's a maverick Jewish waffle chef on the run.
27. He's a suicidal misogynist master criminal on the edge.
28. He's an ungodly bohemian vagrant who dotes on his loving old ma.
29. He's a bookish gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer.
30. He's a benighted vegetarian hairdresser from the Mississippi delta.
31. He's a globe-trotting one-eyed cowboy 
32. He's an ungodly crooked cat burglar whom everyone believes is mad.
33. He's an obese sweet-toothed gentleman spy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
34. He's a fiendish drug-addicted astronaut on his last day in the job.
35. He's a notorious Republican firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
36. He's a benighted neurotic shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
37. He's an immortal soccer-playing messiah with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
38. He's a fiendish gay firefighter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
39. He's an ungodly ninja ex-con in a wheelchair.
40. He's a genetically engineered white trash househusband with no name.
41. He's a hate-fuelled gay photographer from a doomed world.
42. He's a jaded small-town rock star on his last day in the job.
43. He's an oversexed small-town assassin with acid for blood.
44. He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling househusband 
45. He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
46. He's a jaded vegetarian rock star on a mission from God.
47. He's a maverick crooked househusband with a robot buddy named Sparky.
48. He's a scrappy one-eyed gangster from the Mississippi delta.
49. He's an unconventional devious card sharp who hangs with the wrong crowd.
50. He's a scrappy soccer-playing senator on the edge.
1. She's a wealthy renegade former first lady who don't take no shit from nobody
2. She's a sharp-shooting streetsmart magician's assistant descended from a line of powerful witches
3. She's a foxy antique-collecting bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
4. She's a vivacious extravagent former first lady from Mars
5. She's a strong-willed tempestuous bodyguard who can talk to animals
6. She's a transdimensional extravagent lawyer who can talk to animals
7. She's a time-travelling green-skinned barmaid from a different time and place
8. She's a warm-hearted impetuous angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
9. She's an orphaned cat-loving advertising executive who dreams of becoming Elvis
10. She's a provocative antique-collecting vampire from beyond the grav
11. She's a plucky foul-mouthed wrestler descended from a line of powerful witches
12. She's a wealthy punk fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
13. She's a cosmopolitan goth vampire trying to make a difference in a man's world
14. She's a green-fingered communist femme fatale with a knack for trouble
15. She's an artistic Bolivian advertising executive trying to make a difference in a man's world
16. She's a pregnant tempestuous safe cracker living on borrowed time
17. She's a brilliant cat-loving snake charmer married to the Mob
18. She's a hard-bitten red-headed Valkyrie from a different time and place
19. She's a disco-crazy goth cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
20. She's a bloodthirsty gold-digging single mother with the soul of a mighty warrior
21. She's a hard-bitten gold-digging schoolgirl from Mars
22. She's a green-fingered French-Canadian nun with only herself to blame
23. She's a cynical blonde Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny
24. She's a green-fingered tomboy angel with her own daytime radio talk show
25. She's a green-fingered thirtysomething advertising executive from aristocratic European stock
26. She's a sarcastic blonde lawyer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
27. She's a cold-hearted mute soap star operating on the wrong side of the law
28. She's a strong-willed blonde schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
29. She's a foxy French-Canadian bodyguard with an MBA from Harvard
30. She's a brilliant gold-digging cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
31. She's a foxy kleptomaniac opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
32. She's a sarcastic kleptomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law
33. She's a cold-hearted goth barmaid on the trail of a serial killer
34. She's a supernatural impetuous fairy princess in the wrong place at the wrong time
35. She's a bloodthirsty wisecracking nun with the power to bend men's minds
36. She's an orphaned goth detective who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
37. She's a tortured antique-collecting college professor with her own daytime radio talk show
38. She's a plucky African-American mermaid in the witness protection scheme
39. She's a man-hating impetuous journalist from a secret island of warrior women
40. She's a cold-hearted nymphomaniac opera singer from out of town
41. She's an artistic paranoid soap star from out of town
42. She's a psychotic punk research scientist in the witness protection scheme
43. She's a bloodthirsty cat-loving pearl diver living homeless in New York's sewers
44. She's a plucky out-of-work soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior
45. She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac bounty hunter who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
46. She's a pregnant motormouth archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches
47. She's a warm-hearted gypsy politician with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
48. She's a provocative belly-dancing mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
49. She's a violent African-American advertising executive from a family of eight older brothers
50. She's an enchanted motormouth archaeologist married to the Mob
 She's a cold-hearted cat-loving detective trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a cynical extravagent mercenary with the power to see death
 She's a psychotic African-American schoolgirl with only herself to blame
 She's a ditzy insomniac museum curator living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a scantily clad belly-dancing lawyer married to the Mob
 She's a pregnant thirtysomething nun with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a time-travelling gypsy archaeologist from beyond the grave 
 She's a psychotic cigar-chomping stripper descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a supernatural antique-collecting nun trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a time-travelling junkie fairy princess who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a time-travelling streetsmart advertising executive with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a radical mute stripper on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's an artistic nymphomaniac snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a warm-hearted mutant doctor with an evil twin sister
 She's a bloodthirsty insomniac soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a bloodthirsty paranoid wrestler from a different time and place
 She's an elegant hypochondriac archaeologist from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a green-fingered junkie mermaid married to the Mob
 She's a hard-bitten green-skinned museum curator who can talk to animals
 She's a provocative communist former first lady who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a ditzy African-American doctor living on borrowed time
 She's a time-travelling gold-digging advertising executive with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a radical goth Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a plucky tempestuous barmaid from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a brilliant French-Canadian wrestler with a flame-thrower
 She's a warm-hearted insomniac mermaid who can talk to animals
 She's an enchanted belly-dancing Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny
 She's a psychotic mutant Hell's Angel with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a cynical French-Canadian safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a beautiful renegade museum curator who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a cosmopolitan goth nun with the power to see death
 She's an orphaned psychic vampire in the witness protection scheme
 She's a cold-hearted punk college professor with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a plucky junkie magician's assistant on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a ditzy Buddhist mechanic on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a virginal cigar-chomping mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a man-hating nymphomaniac femme fatale from a different time and place
 She's a radical African-American politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a wealthy renegade stripper with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a virginal nymphomaniac queen of the dead operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a sharp-shooting bisexual hooker with a knack for trouble
 She's a foxy mute former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a bloodthirsty Buddhist mechanic with a knack for trouble
 She's a sarcastic French-Canadian college professor with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a sarcastic out-of-work hooker who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a pregnant winged museum curator from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's an enchanted goth pearl diver descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a scantily clad extravagent magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard
 She's a man-hating streetsmart traffic cop from aristocratic European stock


He's a superhumanly strong devious photographer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fiendish pirate stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's an old-fashioned vegetarian jungle king plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an immortal gay hairdresser haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a benighted chivalrous househusband from the 'hood
He's a time-tossed chivalrous messiah on a search for his missing sister
He's a benighted alcoholic boxer with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an all-American soccer-playing master criminal trapped in a world he never made
He's an obese Catholic barbarian with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted sweet-toothed gangster searching for his wife's true killer
He's a maverick gay hairdresser fleeing from a secret government programme
He's a Nobel prize-winning chivalrous photographer in drag
He's a Nobel prize-winning playboy assassin with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a genetically engineered moralistic rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad sweet-toothed master criminal on the edge
He's an oversexed small-town vagrant with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a witless neurotic cop on a mission from God
He's a hate-fuelled white trash cyborg with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed chivalrous firefighter on a mission from God
He's a deeply religious alcoholic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting albino firefighter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly devious sorceror with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted flyboy werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a witless bohemian jungle king with acid for blood
He's a suicidal Catholic sorceror on a search for his missing sister
He's a scrappy drug-addicted paramedic who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick shark-wrestling paramedic with a passion for fast cars
He's a hate-fuelled Catholic gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a maverick neurotic hairdresser possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an oversexed crooked Green Beret gone bad
He's a one-legged crooked dog-catcher fleeing from a secret government programme
He's an obese amnesiac boxer on the wrong side of the law
He's a witless one-eyed master criminal on the edge
He's a jaded shark-wrestling rock star from the Mississippi delta
He's an oversexed arachnophobic dwarf on the run
He's a witless small-town werewolf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an ungodly voodoo senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a globe-trotting alcoholic shaman for the 21st century
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's an oversexed moralistic shaman on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a fast talking guerilla master criminal in a wheelchair
He's a one-legged zombie gangster with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a time-tossed arachnophobic librarian who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a maverick guerilla farmboy moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an ungodly zombie werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a suave Republican messiah who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a leather-clad ninja cop on a search for his missing sister
He's an uncontrollable ninja barbarian with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's an oversexed drug-addicted master criminal who must take medication to keep him sane
She's a virginal tempestuous lawyer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a vivacious foul-mouthed nun with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a supernatural junkie nun with a flame-thrower.
She's a cosmopolitan out-of-work journalist from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a manipulative cat-loving mechanic who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a disco-crazy green-skinned vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a disco-crazy bisexual femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a supernatural bisexual magician's assistant with only herself to blame.
She's a radical impetuous soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a brilliant tempestuous snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law.
She's an elegant mute safe cracker from out of town.
She's a cold-hearted blonde former first lady from a different time and place.
She's an artistic Bolivian widow with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a violent goth archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a radical thirtysomething doctor descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a brilliant tomboy stripper trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a beautiful paranoid advertising executive descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a pregnant communist wrestler with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's a bloodthirsty psychic angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a high-kicking foul-mouthed queen of the dead from aristocratic European stock.
She's a green-fingered streetsmart nun who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a provocative out-of-work single mother with the power to see death.
She's a cold-hearted renegade vampire on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a tortured foul-mouthed magician's assistant living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's a mistrustful green-skinned magician's assistant married to the Mob.
She's a manipulative nymphomaniac mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a time-travelling cigar-chomping detective from Mars.
She's an orphaned thirtysomething bounty hunter from aristocratic European stock.
She's a hard-bitten mutant angel on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a supernatural insomniac femme fatale in the witness protection scheme.
She's an elegant foul-mouthed stripper who can talk to animals.
She's a sharp-shooting antique-collecting magician's assistant trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's an elegant psychic widow living on borrowed time.
She's a violent Bolivian single mother who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's an enchanted junkie angel fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a manipulative gypsy former first lady with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a manipulative red-headed angel from out of town.
She's an elegant mute cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a virginal wisecracking lawyer from a different time and place.
She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous angel with someone else's memories.
She's a time-travelling tomboy opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a manipulative kleptomaniac journalist with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist married to the Mob.
She's a high-kicking nymphomaniac stripper looking for love in all the wrong places.
She's a green-fingered snooty queen of the dead married to the Mob.
She's an elegant renegade magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a brilliant mute pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's an orphaned antique-collecting bodyguard with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a mistrustful hypochondriac advertising executive with a flame-thrower.
He's a scarfaced soccer-playing card sharp from a doomed world.
He's an immortal native American messiah with a secret.
He's a one-legged small-town waffle chef on a search for his missing sister.
He's a globe-trotting misogynist sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a globe-trotting voodoo filmmaker in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly small-town master criminal plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a shy amnesiac card sharp on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal Jewish dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a witless neurotic messiah haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed overambitious househusband 
He's a hate-fuelled devious romance novelist 
He's a globe-trotting flyboy vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a fast talking guerilla stage actor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a maverick drug-addicted Green Beret who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed albino romance novelist on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning white trash cop in a wheelchair.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed cop from the 'hood.
He's a world-famous day-dreaming gangster living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding cyborg in a wheelchair.
He's an ungodly pirate senator gone bad.
He's an obese hunchbacked cop with a secret.
He's a short-sighted crooked librarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a short-sighted small-town shaman possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's an ungodly guitar-strumming librarian who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a scarfaced Republican senator who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a scarfaced overambitious boxer with a passion for fast cars.
He's a time-tossed day-dreaming paranormal investigator looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's an ungodly voodoo assassin on a mission from God.
He's a maverick devious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a suicidal shark-wrestling vampire hunter with nothing left to lose.
He's a Nobel prize-winning vegetarian jungle king on the run.
He's an immortal soccer-playing sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a shy bohemian senator searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a bookish guitar-strumming photographer from the Mississippi delta.
He's a maverick dishevelled astronaut gone bad.
He's a shy alcoholic librarian from the 'hood.
He's a short-sighted misogynist cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a fiendish neurotic assassin on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a lonely devious astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
He's an uncontrollable Republican dog-catcher trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced ninja gentleman spy whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a hate-fuelled arachnophobic paramedic plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a notorious ninja assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a jaded overambitious assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's an underprivileged skateboarding werewolf 
He's an otherworldly small-town dwarf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a short-sighted guerilla vagrant haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a war-weary crooked card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an unconventional devious librarian trapped in a world he never made.
He's a gun-slinging day-dreaming paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an all-American Amish jungle king for the 21st century. 
He's a time-tossed neurotic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an ungodly Jewish paranormal investigator for the 21st century. 
He's an all-American devious rock star on the run. 
He's a gun-slinging drug-addicted vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a genetically engineered Catholic assassin haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an old-fashioned umbrella-wielding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding inventor haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced coffee-fuelled dwarf looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking amnesiac astronaut on the edge. 
He's a jaded devious boxer  
He's a leather-clad ninja firefighter searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's an uncontrollable ninja photographer with no name. 
He's a scarfaced Jewish master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic shaman who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an immortal neurotic ex-con with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed photographer from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong Amish stage actor looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a genetically engineered crooked shaman gone bad. 
He's a globe-trotting ninja senator haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a lounge-singing native American cat burglar looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an impetuous chivalrous jungle king with nothing left to lose. 
He's a jaded albino cop haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a shy playboy cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a shy shark-wrestling cowboy in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable playboy card sharp with no name. 
He's an old-fashioned ninja romance novelist with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling boxer on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling Green Beret from a doomed world. 
He's a witless crooked Green Beret haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an ungodly flyboy sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming paranormal investigator from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an uncontrollable vegetarian dwarf who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a fiendish dishevelled senator with a secret. 
He's a notorious soccer-playing paramedic with a secret. 
He's a leather-clad Amish librarian from the 'hood. 
He's a leather-clad Jewish waffle chef on a mission from God. 
He's an underprivileged misogynist dwarf who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted grifter trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a fiendish neurotic Green Beret whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted librarian possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a jaded voodoo gentleman spy searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a genetically engineered Republican barbarian with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding farmboy from the 'hood. 
He's an old-fashioned Republican card sharp on the edge. 
He's a jaded gay rock star with a secret. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning native American grifter with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed playboy astronaut on his last day in the job. 
He's a lonely pirate werewolf on a mission from God. She's a bloodthirsty motormouth lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a plucky kleptomaniac stripper from Mars. 
She's a violent extravagent detective living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent red-headed angel with an incredible destiny. 
She's a scantily clad nymphomaniac schoolgirl from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy tomboy museum curator from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a cold-hearted goth snake charmer from out of town. 
She's an artistic tomboy Valkyrie who can talk to animals. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac doctor in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy extravagent angel from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a mistrustful junkie Hell's Angel on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a man-hating blonde schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cold-hearted tempestuous schoolgirl living on borrowed time. 
She's a violent extravagent socialite from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a sharp-shooting kleptomaniac mercenary married to the Mob. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a supernatural wisecracking mechanic with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a manipulative renegade snake charmer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop pearl diver with the power to see death. 
She's a pregnant tomboy barmaid prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an enchanted kleptomaniac soap star with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a ditzy cat-loving politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's a supernatural impetuous stripper with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's an elegant kleptomaniac mermaid on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy doctor from out of town. 
She's a pregnant mute angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a warm-hearted paranoid fairy princess living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a plucky hypochondriac Valkyrie from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an orphaned motormouth femme fatale with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a virginal red-headed widow with a knack for trouble. 
She's a radical belly-dancing traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a chain-smoking out-of-work safe cracker living on borrowed time. 
She's a psychotic antique-collecting barmaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a disco-crazy cigar-chomping wrestler married to the Mob. 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale from Mars. 
She's a psychotic impetuous detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty archaeologist living on borrowed time. 
She's a tortured junkie mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's an artistic French-Canadian bounty hunter with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted nymphomaniac widow trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed pearl diver with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging research scientist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an elegant winged former first lady with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic hip-hop former first lady from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a violent mute journalist from beyond the grave 
She's a cynical blonde politician on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a strong-willed out-of-work pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's a time-travelling French-Canadian socialite with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a cynical belly-dancing bodyguard in the witness protection scheme.  She's a mistrustful thirtysomething advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden 
 She's a tortured blonde femme fatale descended from a line of powerful 
 She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's 
 She's a foxy bisexual research scientist with the soul of a mighty 
 She's a cold-hearted streetsmart safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed 
 She's a bloodthirsty extravagent femme fatale with only herself to 
 She's a transdimensional snooty archaeologist in the witness protection 
 She's a transdimensional tempestuous doctor living on borrowed 
 She's a supernatural French-Canadian snake charmer with someone else's 
 She's a chain-smoking nymphomaniac queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed 
 She's a foxy red-headed opera singer with the power to see 
 She's a sarcastic antique-collecting safe cracker trying to make a difference in a man's 
 She's an elegant extravagent wrestler with the power to bend men's 
 She's a radical psychic vampire in the witness protection 
 She's a mistrustful wisecracking barmaid operating on the wrong side of the 
 She's a vivacious snooty hooker with someone else's 
 She's a tortured communist bounty hunter from a secret island of warrior 
 She's a hard-bitten antique-collecting queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's 
 She's a mentally unstable antique-collecting mechanic living homeless in New York's 
 She's a pregnant cigar-chomping angel looking for love in all the wrong 
 She's a sarcastic nymphomaniac politician in the witness protection 
 She's a beautiful streetsmart socialite living homeless in New York's 
 She's a virginal Bolivian magician's assistant in the witness protection 
 She's a time-travelling Buddhist vampire in the witness protection 
 She's a green-fingered psychic doctor from out of 
 She's a time-travelling thirtysomething bounty hunter with a knack for 
 She's a virginal belly-dancing safe cracker with an evil twin 
 She's a mistrustful winged safe cracker from the wrong side of the 
 She's a pregnant antique-collecting advertising executive who dreams of becoming 
 She's an enchanted antique-collecting nun trying to make a difference in a man's 
 She's a warm-hearted mutant queen of the dead with someone else's 
 She's a brilliant impetuous pearl diver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden 
 She's a plucky renegade socialite with a knack for 
 She's an orphaned antique-collecting wrestler in the wrong place at the wrong 

 She's a bloodthirsty wisecracking soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed 
 She's a strong-willed cat-loving journalist on the trail of a serial 
 She's a sharp-shooting nymphomaniac widow looking for love in all the wrong 
 She's a chain-smoking insomniac soap star in the witness protection 
 
 She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting fairy princess with her own daytime radio talk 
 She's a sarcastic extravagent bodyguard with a song in her heart and a spring in her 
 She's a tortured paranoid socialite from 
 She's a green-fingered paranoid pearl diver with an MBA from 
 She's a chain-smoking bisexual socialite from a family of eight older 
 She's a cosmopolitan mute magician's assistant from a family of eight older 
 She's a vivacious streetsmart mercenary with her own daytime radio talk 
 She's a virginal communist mercenary with an MBA from 
He's an underprivileged alcoholic sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a world-famous Republican vagrant on his last day in the 
He's a leather-clad Catholic senator with a 
He's a benighted native American master criminal with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac gentleman spy in 
He's a witless Jewish jungle king from the Mississippi 
He's an oversexed misogynist gentleman spy with a robot buddy named 
He's a witless umbrella-wielding jungle king on the 
He's a lounge-singing native American vampire hunter whom everyone believes is 
He's a scarfaced one-eyed vagrant on the 
He's a one-legged one-eyed cowboy with a winning smile and a way with the 
He's a Nobel prize-winning Catholic firefighter haunted by memories of '
He's an all-American neurotic librarian from the Mississippi 
He's an obese native American gentleman spy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal 
He's a gun-slinging neurotic gentleman spy who knows the secret of the alien 
He's a benighted drug-addicted waffle chef whom everyone believes is 
He's a world-famous guitar-strumming hairdresser who knows the secret of the alien 
He's a war-weary hunchbacked werewolf searching for his wife's true 
He's an unconventional vegetarian cowboy from the Mississippi 
He's a lounge-singing flyboy inventor on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical 
He's a jaded skateboarding vampire hunter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his 
He's a scarfaced Catholic master criminal from the Mississippi 
He's a war-weary amnesiac vampire hunter with a 
He's a lounge-singing gay househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical 
He's a scrappy white trash jungle king fleeing from a secret government 
He's a suave albino senator on a mission from 
He's an impetuous guitar-strumming card sharp on the 
He's a genetically engineered coffee-fuelled messiah who dotes on his loving old 
He's a fiendish soccer-playing ex-con trapped in a world he never 
He's a shy Jewish vagrant in 
He's a scrappy Jewish farmboy who believes he can never love 
He's a scarfaced shark-wrestling assassin with acid for 
He's a fiendish alcoholic gentleman spy from the '
He's a superhumanly strong chivalrous cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his 
He's a short-sighted chivalrous hairdresser  She's a cynical hypochondriac museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming rock star who hides his scarred face behind a 
He's a lounge-singing skateboarding cop  She's a high-kicking antique-collecting soap star prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed 
He's a benighted overambitious master criminal who hangs with the wrong 
He's a benighted hunchbacked hairdresser gone 
He's a suave voodoo dog-catcher on his last day in the 
He's an uncontrollable small-town barbarian  She's a high-kicking insomniac femme fatale who don't take no shit from 
He's a hate-fuelled amnesiac assassin living undercover at Ringling 
He's an impetuous ninja cowboy with a passion for fast 
He's a war-weary hunchbacked firefighter fleeing from a secret government 
He's an ungodly misogynist ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an 
He's an underprivileged gay matador who dotes on his loving old 
He's a time-tossed skateboarding senator fleeing from a secret government 
He's an all-American chivalrous sorceror searching for his wife's true 
He's a maverick skateboarding hairdresser on the 
He's an unconventional devious master criminal with nothing left to 
1:She's an artistic mutant queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
2:She's a ditzy impetuous hooker from out of town. 
3:She's a cosmopolitan motormouth bodyguard with the power to see death. 
4:She's a sarcastic antique-collecting snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a foxy blonde politician living homeless in New York's sewers. 
6:She's an elegant foul-mouthed lawyer from a different time and place. 
7:She's a provocative extravagent lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
8:She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting single mother with only herself to blame. 
9:She's a wealthy bisexual hooker in the witness protection scheme. 
10:She's a warm-hearted kleptomaniac stripper from beyond the grave 
11:She's a foxy French-Canadian widow from the wrong side of the tracks. 
12:She's a sharp-shooting psychic widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
13:She's an enchanted gypsy politician with a knack for trouble. 
14:She's a time-travelling tomboy nun from aristocratic European stock. 
15:She's a sharp-shooting African-American schoolgirl from a secret island of warrior women. 
16:She's a man-hating kleptomaniac traffic cop with someone else's memories. 
17:She's a brilliant antique-collecting cab driver married to the Mob. 
18:She's a virginal winged Hell's Angel with an incredible destiny. 
19:She's a cynical Buddhist journalist with an incredible destiny. 
20:She's a radical punk detective from the wrong side of the tracks. 
21:She's a scantily clad thirtysomething detective with a flame-thrower. 
22:She's a man-hating gypsy cab driver from aristocratic European stock. 
23:She's an elegant French-Canadian barmaid from aristocratic European stock. 
24:She's a hard-bitten gold-digging wrestler with a knack for trouble. 
25:She's a chain-smoking gold-digging mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches. 
26:She's an orphaned paranoid traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
27:She's a plucky green-skinned snake charmer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
28:She's a cynical gold-digging lawyer who can talk to animals. 
29:She's a green-fingered mutant snake charmer on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
30:She's a mentally unstable mutant Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
31:She's a vivacious impetuous queen of the dead looking for love in all the wrong places. 
32:She's a sarcastic African-American fairy princess from a different time and place. 
33:She's a wealthy thirtysomething mermaid with only herself to blame. 
34:She's a beautiful Bolivian safe cracker from a secret island of warrior women. 
35:She's a manipulative hip-hop snake charmer with an evil twin sister. 
36:She's a sarcastic psychic queen of the dead with an MBA from Harvard. 
37:She's a strong-willed psychic research scientist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
38:She's a green-fingered thirtysomething vampire with someone else's memories. 
39:She's a radical tomboy advertising executive from the wrong side of the tracks. 
40:She's a radical tomboy journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
41:She's a high-kicking motormouth mercenary from a different time and place. 
42:She's a mistrustful psychic bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
43:She's a radical out-of-work snake charmer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
44:She's a provocative goth vampire with someone else's memories. 
45:She's a mentally unstable impetuous single mother with a flame-thrower. 
46:She's an orphaned motormouth angel with only herself to blame. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan extravagent archaeologist with an incredible destiny. 
48:She's a high-kicking motormouth advertising executive married to the Mob. 
49:She's a manipulative gypsy mercenary living on borrowed time. 
50:She's a wealthy hip-hop mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
1:She's a green-fingered Bolivian advertising executive living homeless in New York's sewers. 
2:She's a hard-bitten tomboy museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
3:She's a plucky nymphomaniac traffic cop operating on the wrong side of the law. 
4:She's a cosmopolitan junkie fairy princess prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
5:She's a high-kicking punk queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
6:She's a transdimensional renegade safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
7:She's a warm-hearted bisexual barmaid with a flame-thrower. 
8:She's a vivacious red-headed wrestler from Mars. 
9:She's a blind thirtysomething mercenary from beyond the grave 
10:She's a mentally unstable punk mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
11:She's a tortured tempestuous bounty hunter with a knack for trouble. 
12:She's a mentally unstable goth Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
13:She's a tortured foul-mouthed femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
14:She's a green-fingered green-skinned queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
15:She's a vivacious paranoid vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
16:She's a brilliant antique-collecting hooker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
17:She's an enchanted cat-loving nun living on borrowed time. 
18:She's a sarcastic red-headed mermaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
19:She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
20:She's a disco-crazy antique-collecting schoolgirl from a family of eight older brothers. 
21:She's a chain-smoking goth college professor from out of town. 
22:She's a provocative gold-digging hooker with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
23:She's a blind tomboy mermaid on the trail of a serial killer. 
24:She's a provocative Bolivian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
25:She's a wealthy red-headed hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
26:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
27:She's a sarcastic insomniac angel from a secret island of warrior women. 
28:She's a foxy kleptomaniac femme fatale from aristocratic European stock. 
29:She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac angel with only herself to blame. 
30:She's a vivacious snooty safe cracker prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
31:She's a ditzy tempestuous lawyer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
32:She's an elegant red-headed doctor married to the Mob. 
33:She's a high-kicking renegade vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
34:She's a manipulative red-headed bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
35:She's an enchanted Buddhist barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
36:She's a bloodthirsty tempestuous nun living homeless in New York's sewers. 
37:She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac politician operating on the wrong side of the law. 
38:She's a sarcastic hypochondriac journalist trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a brilliant psychic queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
40:She's a man-hating impetuous lawyer with an MBA from Harvard. 
41:She's an elegant renegade soap star fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
42:She's an elegant motormouth detective from a different time and place. 
43:She's a virginal bisexual bodyguard from beyond the grave 
44:She's a man-hating punk mechanic looking for love in all the wrong places. 
45:She's a hard-bitten motormouth college professor operating on the wrong side of the law. 
46:She's a supernatural psychic bounty hunter with her own daytime radio talk show. 
47:She's a disco-crazy paranoid magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
48:She's a cynical insomniac wrestler in the witness protection scheme. 
49:She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
50:She's a vivacious kleptomaniac safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
1:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted boxer looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
2:He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian with acid for blood. 
3:He's a genetically engineered crooked waffle chef trapped in a world he never made. 
4:He's a maverick one-eyed stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
5:He's a scarfaced sweet-toothed card sharp with acid for blood. 
6:He's an otherworldly sweet-toothed ex-con from a doomed world. 
7:He's a gun-slinging guerilla shaman on a mission from God. 
8:He's an uncontrollable flyboy assassin with no name. 
9:He's a deeply religious umbrella-wielding firefighter who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
10:He's a deeply religious Republican filmmaker looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
11:He's an immortal day-dreaming Green Beret haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
12:He's an obese gay cyborg with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
13:He's a lonely voodoo shaman for the 21st century. 
14:He's a fiendish Jewish senator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
15:He's an all-American small-town vampire hunter on the wrong side of the law. 
16:He's an underprivileged umbrella-wielding astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
17:He's a world-famous zombie photographer on the run. 
18:He's a one-legged gay farmboy with no name. 
19:He's an unconventional voodoo romance novelist with no name. 
20:He's an oversexed Jewish vampire hunter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
21:He's a leather-clad playboy stage actor who believes he can never love again. 
22:He's a Nobel prize-winning neurotic hairdresser with a secret. 
23:He's a shy Catholic grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
24:He's a short-sighted zombie firefighter fleeing from a secret government programme. 
25:He's a maverick pirate dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
26:He's an all-American gay ex-con from the Mississippi delta. 
27:He's an uncontrollable arachnophobic astronaut for the 21st century. 
28:He's a benighted albino paranormal investigator from the 'hood. 
29:He's a fast talking Amish dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme. 
30:He's a one-legged Republican stage actor with a secret. 
31:He's an oversexed hunchbacked barbarian in a wheelchair. 
32:He's an all-American hunchbacked cowboy haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
33:He's an obese shark-wrestling paranormal investigator looking for 'the Big One.' 
34:He's a deeply religious small-town paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
35:He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian card sharp with a secret. 
36:He's an uncontrollable alcoholic sorceror whom everyone believes is mad. 
37:He's a fiendish Amish vagrant  
38:He's an all-American playboy ex-con on a mission from God. 
39:He's a deeply religious small-town senator in a wheelchair. 
40:He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed stage actor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
41:He's an oversexed amnesiac assassin with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
42:He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted messiah looking for 'the Big One.' 
43:He's an obese ninja matador searching for his wife's true killer. 
44:He's a jaded Republican sorceror in drag. 
45:He's an otherworldly shark-wrestling barbarian haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
46:He's a time-tossed moralistic rock star with a secret. 
47:He's a lonely crooked librarian with nothing left to lose. 
48:He's an unconventional bohemian paramedic on a search for his missing sister. 
49:He's a scarfaced native American hairdresser living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
50:He's an oversexed small-town cyborg moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
1:He's a lonely devious waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
2:He's a fast talking vegetarian vampire hunter who dotes on his loving old ma. 
3:He's an unconventional drug-addicted cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
4:He's an unconventional hunchbacked cop on the edge. 
5:He's an ungodly vegetarian shaman gone bad. 
6:He's a sword-wielding white trash inventor in drag. 
7:He's a one-legged moralistic cowboy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
8:He's a gun-slinging pirate dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
9:He's an otherworldly drug-addicted messiah whom everyone believes is mad. 
10:He's a world-famous playboy farmboy who dotes on his loving old ma. 
11:He's a short-sighted gay cowboy searching for his wife's true killer. 
12:He's a suave gay vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
13:He's a jaded sweet-toothed cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
14:He's a shy alcoholic cyborg from the Mississippi delta. 
15:He's a lonely amnesiac househusband gone bad. 
16:He's an impetuous crooked waffle chef plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
17:He's a maverick crooked matador who must take medication to keep him sane. 
18:He's a bookish sweet-toothed photographer with no name. 
19:He's a lonely vegetarian messiah on the edge. 
20:He's a short-sighted crooked master criminal haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
21:He's a short-sighted dishevelled gentleman spy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
22:He's a witless one-eyed librarian gone bad. 
23:He's an otherworldly vegetarian cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
24:He's a globe-trotting Jewish gentleman spy with no name. 
25:He's an otherworldly day-dreaming waffle chef from a doomed world. 
26:He's a genetically engineered pirate inventor for the 21st century. 
27:He's a jaded Republican grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
28:He's a time-tossed arachnophobic hairdresser in drag. 
29:He's a deeply religious arachnophobic astronaut with acid for blood. 
30:He's a witless flyboy astronaut looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
31:He's an underprivileged overambitious romance novelist who dotes on his loving old ma. 
32:He's an oversexed Catholic Green Beret on his last day in the job. 
33:He's a gun-slinging one-eyed card sharp whom everyone believes is mad. 
34:He's an oversexed moralistic card sharp moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
35:He's a war-weary skateboarding dwarf  
36:He's a sword-wielding Republican card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
37:He's a witless coffee-fuelled boxer who believes he can never love again. 
38:He's a leather-clad Catholic boxer plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
39:He's a genetically engineered Amish librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
40:He's an obese sweet-toothed rock star with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
41:He's an oversexed coffee-fuelled gentleman spy for the 21st century. 
42:He's a fiendish neurotic filmmaker searching for his wife's true killer. 
43:He's a deeply religious one-eyed cyborg living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
44:He's a benighted flyboy grifter on a search for his missing sister. 
45:He's an obese one-eyed paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
46:He's a suicidal sweet-toothed househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
47:He's a world-famous vegetarian filmmaker who dotes on his loving old ma. 
48:He's a fast talking neurotic firefighter on his last day in the job. 
49:He's a war-weary soccer-playing shaman who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
50:He's a leather-clad zombie househusband on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
She's a manipulative foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a tortured motormouth mercenary from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a mentally unstable out-of-work mercenary in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a ditzy tomboy soap star living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething lawyer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a high-kicking African-American research scientist from out of town. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead from out of town. 
She's a time-travelling foul-mouthed socialite who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a strong-willed cigar-chomping politician fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a disco-crazy winged magician's assistant from out of town. 
She's a transdimensional African-American Hell's Angel who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a tortured wisecracking bodyguard with someone else's memories. 
She's a radical insomniac hooker from beyond the grave 
She's a radical antique-collecting bodyguard living on borrowed time. 
She's a virginal blonde mermaid living on borrowed time. 
She's a manipulative bisexual stripper descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a radical insomniac soap star with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a violent bisexual lawyer from Mars. 
She's an orphaned winged college professor who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a blind kleptomaniac schoolgirl with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant motormouth bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking hip-hop former first lady from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a foxy motormouth angel who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted antique-collecting Hell's Angel with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a hard-bitten winged detective living on borrowed time. 
She's an artistic green-skinned Valkyrie descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a mentally unstable paranoid opera singer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a brilliant bisexual safe cracker with someone else's memories. 
She's a strong-willed renegade angel who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving detective prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's an artistic mute fairy princess from out of town. 
She's a ditzy out-of-work opera singer fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a foxy foul-mouthed vampire who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical mute wrestler from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a transdimensional hypochondriac mercenary who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a tortured punk doctor living on borrowed time. 
She's a pregnant thirtysomething soap star who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a chain-smoking Bolivian queen of the dead living on borrowed time. 
She's a radical kleptomaniac journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's an orphaned tomboy wrestler looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking former first lady who can talk to animals. 
She's a brilliant African-American research scientist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a plucky blonde politician from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic winged opera singer in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an orphaned cigar-chomping safe cracker in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cosmopolitan nymphomaniac widow living on borrowed time. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a vivacious nymphomaniac magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac schoolgirl who can talk to animals. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a scrappy day-dreaming dwarf from the 'hood. 
He's a witless gay waffle chef who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's an obese flyboy inventor who believes he can never love again. 
He's an old-fashioned day-dreaming werewolf on a mission from God. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant on his last day in the job. 
He's a Nobel prize-winning sweet-toothed vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an otherworldly flyboy librarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an immortal pirate paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a notorious Republican librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a scarfaced white trash romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an underprivileged amnesiac ex-con on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a bookish Jewish werewolf haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed one-eyed boxer with a secret. 
He's an immortal guitar-strumming assassin fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's an obese misogynist barbarian on a mission from God. 
He's a bookish zombie jungle king trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a lonely soccer-playing boxer for the 21st century. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled dwarf on the edge. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic dog-catcher who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a fiendish moralistic hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked photographer searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a deeply religious devious hairdresser with acid for blood. 
He's a globe-trotting misogynist vampire hunter on a mission from God. 
He's an all-American umbrella-wielding dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a suave Republican filmmaker on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled bohemian paranormal investigator on the wrong side of the law. 
He's an unconventional dishevelled assassin with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a lonely crooked card sharp from the 'hood. 
He's an immortal voodoo rock star on the edge. 
He's a bookish native American romance novelist whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a notorious gay househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a leather-clad guerilla matador from the 'hood. 
He's a lonely vegetarian senator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a hate-fuelled umbrella-wielding househusband who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an all-American Amish househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town paranormal investigator on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an unconventional umbrella-wielding ex-con gone bad. 
He's a jaded hunchbacked vagrant from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a fast talking day-dreaming farmboy looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's an obese misogynist cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a superhumanly strong Catholic grifter from the 'hood. 
He's an underprivileged ninja gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's an otherworldly bohemian dwarf with acid for blood. 
He's a shy soccer-playing gentleman spy with no name. 
He's a one-legged Jewish paramedic from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a maverick drug-addicted paramedic looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fiendish alcoholic shaman fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a leather-clad guitar-strumming romance novelist on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
She's a cosmopolitan mutant fairy princess descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a foxy kleptomaniac politician on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant hip-hop socialite prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a cosmopolitan red-headed lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a cold-hearted tomboy college professor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cynical renegade detective married to the Mob. 
She's a bloodthirsty tomboy bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious streetsmart queen of the dead with someone else's memories. 
She's an orphaned insomniac barmaid from a different time and place. 
She's a chain-smoking thirtysomething mermaid with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a manipulative snooty angel in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a violent mute femme fatale from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging museum curator with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a brilliant mute opera singer with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a supernatural bisexual nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative African-American stripper with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop wrestler operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a supernatural cat-loving archaeologist fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a transdimensional paranoid traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a chain-smoking hypochondriac Valkyrie living on borrowed time. 
She's a cynical punk traffic cop living on borrowed time. 
She's a plucky motormouth magician's assistant prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind motormouth femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a supernatural insomniac safe cracker who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a tortured African-American snake charmer with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's an orphaned blonde wrestler with the power to see death. 
She's a cold-hearted motormouth Valkyrie living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a strong-willed green-skinned stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a manipulative mutant opera singer from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist detective who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative gold-digging single mother who can talk to animals. 
She's a warm-hearted red-headed schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a cold-hearted African-American politician who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a violent cat-loving magician's assistant in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a time-travelling psychic bounty hunter with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a supernatural Bolivian mercenary trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a ditzy Buddhist socialite who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's an orphaned cat-loving college professor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent cab driver living on borrowed time. 
She's a scantily clad mute traffic cop with a knack for trouble. 
She's an artistic motormouth Hell's Angel with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a radical nymphomaniac hooker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a disco-crazy foul-mouthed angel married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac politician with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic punk stripper with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a vivacious thirtysomething vampire descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a radical cat-loving archaeologist descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a scantily clad bisexual mechanic living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a disco-crazy kleptomaniac pearl diver fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
He's a leather-clad gay vampire hunter on the run.
He's a bookish Republican dog-catcher searching for his wife's true killer.
He's a jaded day-dreaming farmboy who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a fast talking hunchbacked photographer for the 21st century.
He's a scrappy Catholic card sharp with no name.
He's a scrappy skateboarding vagrant in a wheelchair.
He's a suicidal vegetarian inventor living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a Nobel prize-winning umbrella-wielding sorceror plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a leather-clad umbrella-wielding rock star trapped in a world he never made.
He's an impetuous coffee-fuelled rock star on a mission from God.
He's a maverick vegetarian rock star from a doomed world.
He's an obese hunchbacked hairdresser with acid for blood.
He's an oversexed dishevelled vagrant for the 21st century.
He's a world-famous Jewish firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's an oversexed one-eyed filmmaker with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy firefighter gone bad.
He's an unconventional amnesiac farmboy with acid for blood.
He's a notorious Jewish dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a gun-slinging neurotic vagrant who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a world-famous crooked grifter with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's an ungodly pirate cop with nothing left to lose.
He's an obese albino farmboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish cowboy from a doomed world.
He's a superhumanly strong moralistic stage actor on the wrong side of the law.
He's a globe-trotting Amish romance novelist from a doomed world.
He's a witless coffee-fuelled farmboy who believes he can never love again.
He's an old-fashioned amnesiac cop on his last day in the job.
He's a suicidal white trash househusband on a search for his missing sister.
He's a bookish devious senator on the run.
He's an all-American zombie master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a jaded crooked filmmaker haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an uncontrollable crooked photographer on the run.
He's a scrappy drug-addicted photographer whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an immortal amnesiac vampire hunter with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a war-weary alcoholic inventor who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's an old-fashioned shark-wrestling hairdresser who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled flyboy romance novelist possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a deeply religious crooked Green Beret looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a time-tossed moralistic dwarf with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy shark-wrestling werewolf moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's an impetuous skateboarding paranormal investigator possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a shy drug-addicted filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming shaman living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an underprivileged overambitious househusband from the Mississippi delta.
He's an uncontrollable sweet-toothed assassin moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
He's a jaded guitar-strumming Green Beret from a doomed world.
He's a leather-clad soccer-playing senator who believes he can never love again.
He's an otherworldly albino dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a time-tossed misogynist stage actor with nothing left to lose.
He's a jaded playboy gangster whom everyone believes is mad.
 She's a man-hating red-headed nun from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a mistrustful out-of-work snake charmer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac college professor who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a tortured impetuous magician's assistant who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a hard-bitten cigar-chomping museum curator living on borrowed time
 She's a scantily clad cat-loving vampire with a knack for trouble
 She's an elegant junkie college professor from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a mistrustful snooty detective with an incredible destiny
 She's a pregnant bisexual soap star with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a transdimensional Bolivian advertising executive with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a foxy African-American former first lady with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a pregnant punk soap star with someone else's memories
 She's a beautiful African-American traffic cop in the witness protection scheme
 She's a man-hating green-skinned soap star with an evil twin sister
 She's an orphaned mute stripper with an evil twin sister
 She's a sharp-shooting belly-dancing mermaid who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a scantily clad Bolivian soap star living on borrowed time
 She's a mistrustful communist hooker who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking foul-mouthed widow from aristocratic European stock
 She's a warm-hearted impetuous vampire living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a warm-hearted bisexual single mother on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a bloodthirsty French-Canadian mermaid in the witness protection scheme
 She's a psychotic foul-mouthed Hell's Angel from out of town
 She's a pregnant French-Canadian bounty hunter descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical African-American pearl diver with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a green-fingered winged schoolgirl who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 She's a wealthy Bolivian traffic cop descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a cynical winged advertising executive prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's a hard-bitten mute college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 She's a sarcastic bisexual cab driver with an MBA from Harvard
 They fight crime!</P>


 She's an enchanted wisecracking fairy princess trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a bloodthirsty mutant snake charmer with her own daytime radio talk show
 She's a bloodthirsty hypochondriac widow from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a blind antique-collecting mercenary descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a time-travelling paranoid Hell's Angel with the power to see death
 She's a strong-willed green-skinned schoolgirl in the witness protection scheme
 She's a hard-bitten gypsy mermaid operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a time-travelling mutant mermaid with a flame-thrower
 She's a strong-willed insomniac Hell's Angel who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a chain-smoking snooty queen of the dead with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a psychotic insomniac mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world
 She's a time-travelling cat-loving bodyguard operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a pregnant blonde hooker on the trail of a serial killer
 She's an artistic goth mercenary with an MBA from Harvard
 She's an artistic insomniac opera singer with an evil twin sister
 She's a disco-crazy punk pearl diver from aristocratic European stock
 She's a violent goth pearl diver with an incredible destiny
 She's a wealthy renegade mechanic living on borrowed time
 Circus
He's a one-legged playboy card sharp with nothing left to lose
He's a war-weary gay cowboy who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a leather-clad neurotic farmboy with a passion for fast cars
He's a lounge-singing amnesiac sorceror who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a hate-fuelled pirate barbarian on a mission from God
He's a genetically engineered moralistic dog-catcher plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's an unconventional moralistic filmmaker moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a lonely shark-wrestling inventor with acid for blood
He's a hate-fuelled playboy firefighter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder
He's a suave day-dreaming librarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a shy ninja assassin who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a fiendish hunchbacked messiah on the wrong side of the law
He's a maverick drug-addicted dwarf with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a genetically engineered alcoholic barbarian trapped in a world he never made
He's a shy umbrella-wielding househusband who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a suave devious gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a one-legged Amish cop possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a bookish voodoo cowboy in a wheelchair
He's an unconventional skateboarding barbarian who believes he can never love again
He's a benighted day-dreaming gangster who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's an unconventional dishevelled cowboy in a wheelchair
He's an oversexed overambitious dog-catcher who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a scrappy small-town cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a genetically engineered day-dreaming messiah with acid for blood
He's a shy voodoo firefighter with no name
He's a time-tossed shark-wrestling boxer on the run
He's an old-fashioned arachnophobic boxer searching for his wife's true killer
He's a sword-wielding Jewish filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a lounge-singing soccer-playing stage actor from the Mississippi delta
He's an all-American Jewish stage actor from a doomed world
He's a time-tossed Republican rock star  She's a time-travelling snooty pearl diver living homeless in New York's sewers
He's an unconventional skateboarding romance novelist on the edge
He's a lounge-singing zombie cat burglar searching for his wife's true killer
He's a genetically engineered zombie cop with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a suicidal overambitious Green Beret who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an oversexed native American gangster on the wrong side of the law
He's a genetically engineered crooked rock star whom everyone believes is mad
He's an impetuous misogynist inventor who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a time-tossed moralistic matador searching for his wife's true killer
He's a jaded neurotic dog-catcher who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a lonely Amish paranormal investigator with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's a one-legged voodoo librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's an ungodly soccer-playing waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's an obese small-town househusband on the wrong side of the law
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled librarian moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a suave one-eyed waffle chef looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a maverick soccer-playing cat burglar gone bad
He's an otherworldly coffee-fuelled romance novelist moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a gun-slinging albino filmmaker with acid for blood
He's a scarfaced umbrella-wielding senator living undercover at Ringling Bros
She's a ditzy blonde wrestler from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's an elegant junkie widow fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a tortured Bolivian angel with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a wealthy snooty schoolgirl living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a transdimensional foul-mouthed opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a warm-hearted Buddhist cab driver from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten junkie museum curator on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's an artistic foul-mouthed snake charmer from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a man-hating cigar-chomping single mother married to the Mob. 
She's an elegant bisexual Hell's Angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a supernatural paranoid snake charmer on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a ditzy tomboy bounty hunter from beyond the grave 
She's an orphaned renegade femme fatale with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a man-hating red-headed mercenary with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a brilliant out-of-work mechanic who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a time-travelling tomboy Hell's Angel with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a plucky Buddhist widow from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a time-travelling communist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a sharp-shooting Buddhist socialite who can talk to animals. 
She's a man-hating tempestuous single mother on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a warm-hearted nymphomaniac safe cracker with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed barmaid operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a scantily clad winged advertising executive from out of town. 
She's a tortured French-Canadian hooker with only herself to blame. 
She's a transdimensional communist lawyer who can talk to animals. 
She's a mentally unstable foul-mouthed bounty hunter with an incredible destiny. 
She's a chain-smoking insomniac bounty hunter on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a cold-hearted communist fairy princess operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a hard-bitten goth femme fatale prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a pregnant gypsy former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a man-hating goth schoolgirl with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a sarcastic wisecracking snake charmer from out of town. 
She's a pregnant insomniac single mother from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a virginal streetsmart femme fatale with an evil twin sister. 
She's an artistic winged research scientist living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a wealthy Buddhist museum curator prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a hard-bitten motormouth magician's assistant from a different time and place. 
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting archaeologist from out of town. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a plucky nymphomaniac schoolgirl from out of town. 
She's a chain-smoking tempestuous lawyer operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a mistrustful tempestuous magician's assistant with an evil twin sister. 
She's a high-kicking extravagent doctor with a knack for trouble. 
She's a man-hating red-headed journalist with someone else's memories. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking cab driver who can talk to animals. 
She's a violent extravagent soap star with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent insomniac mermaid from beyond the grave 
She's a beautiful renegade pearl diver with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a strong-willed gypsy bounty hunter from out of town. 
She's a supernatural insomniac socialite with a flame-thrower. 
He's a scrappy Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a benighted zombie inventor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an oversexed bohemian cowboy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a time-tossed sweet-toothed vagrant with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a scrappy sweet-toothed senator with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's an old-fashioned native American paramedic haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an oversexed Catholic sorceror looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding matador with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging Jewish hairdresser in drag.
He's a shy native American cowboy trapped in a world he never made.
He's a maverick pirate Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a lonely dishevelled gangster with a passion for fast cars.
He's an old-fashioned sweet-toothed gangster haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a war-weary day-dreaming grifter whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a lounge-singing drug-addicted farmboy searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an immortal overambitious sorceror with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a gun-slinging guerilla cat burglar trapped in a world he never made.
He's an oversexed bohemian werewolf possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a lounge-singing Jewish gentleman spy on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's an ungodly amnesiac messiah who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a bookish devious master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a superhumanly strong guitar-strumming Green Beret trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scarfaced dishevelled senator with acid for blood.
He's a gun-slinging overambitious shaman whom everyone believes is mad.
He's a scarfaced guitar-strumming grifter with acid for blood.
He's a globe-trotting drug-addicted hairdresser for the 21st century.
He's a maverick devious filmmaker on the wrong side of the law.
He's a scrappy misogynist matador with a passion for fast cars.
He's an immortal Jewish photographer on his last day in the job.
He's an impetuous devious shaman from a doomed world.
He's an immortal crooked master criminal on a mission from God.
He's a leather-clad amnesiac cop on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a suave Republican cowboy looking for 'the Big One.'
He's a lounge-singing hunchbacked messiah 
He's a short-sighted amnesiac firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a deeply religious Jewish dwarf looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He's a superhumanly strong zombie rock star on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a war-weary neurotic jungle king on a mission from God.
He's an uncontrollable playboy househusband gone bad.
He's a maverick gay Green Beret in a wheelchair.
He's a one-legged arachnophobic ex-con from the 'hood.
He's an uncontrollable pirate master criminal in drag.
He's a superhumanly strong shark-wrestling master criminal in drag.
He's an all-American devious romance novelist from the 'hood.
He's a leather-clad guerilla barbarian with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's an underprivileged misogynist werewolf on a mission from God.
He's a maverick small-town vagrant who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a globe-trotting dishevelled ex-con on his last day in the job.
She's a pregnant mutant soap star with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a provocative bisexual pearl diver from a different time and place. 
She's an elegant blonde traffic cop in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a psychotic nymphomaniac vampire with only herself to blame. 
She's a beautiful gypsy fairy princess married to the Mob. 
She's a provocative cat-loving fairy princess from beyond the grave 
She's a hard-bitten antique-collecting opera singer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a man-hating renegade femme fatale on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a scantily clad paranoid archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's an artistic belly-dancing former first lady who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a hard-bitten kleptomaniac advertising executive from beyond the grave 
She's a virginal Buddhist archaeologist in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a cosmopolitan extravagent femme fatale with an incredible destiny. 
She's a brilliant psychic archaeologist from a different time and place. 
She's a transdimensional snooty college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cosmopolitan hip-hop opera singer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a violent blonde mercenary who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a mistrustful bisexual widow who can talk to animals. 
She's an orphaned tempestuous mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a sharp-shooting extravagent journalist in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a cold-hearted wisecracking femme fatale with the power to see death. 
She's a supernatural mutant nun with the power to see death. 
She's an enchanted insomniac museum curator from beyond the grave 
She's a warm-hearted winged archaeologist from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a disco-crazy impetuous former first lady with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a strong-willed gold-digging Hell's Angel with a flame-thrower. 
She's a cold-hearted snooty bodyguard with an incredible destiny. 
She's a virginal antique-collecting vampire from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a sharp-shooting thirtysomething angel looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a scantily clad mutant traffic cop on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a psychotic Buddhist stripper from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a supernatural junkie journalist who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a time-travelling winged femme fatale from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's an enchanted foul-mouthed bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a strong-willed communist lawyer who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a brilliant winged lawyer with a knack for trouble. 
She's an enchanted snooty mercenary fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a hard-bitten goth socialite with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a cosmopolitan wisecracking pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a time-travelling cat-loving opera singer who can talk to animals. 
She's a transdimensional impetuous journalist married to the Mob. 
She's a beautiful cigar-chomping doctor with an evil twin sister. 
She's a sharp-shooting red-headed traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a ditzy communist socialite from beyond the grave 
She's a strong-willed wisecracking research scientist from beyond the grave 
She's a psychotic hypochondriac nun fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a provocative gold-digging fairy princess from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a wealthy blonde magician's assistant with the power to see death. 
She's a sarcastic renegade bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a supernatural belly-dancing mercenary with an incredible destiny. 
He's a war-weary vegetarian filmmaker on the edge. 
He's a short-sighted coffee-fuelled astronaut  
He's a hate-fuelled pirate stage actor with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's a world-famous bohemian stage actor possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a suicidal ninja cowboy from the 'hood. 
He's a superhumanly strong small-town sorceror who believes he can never love again. 
He's a world-famous dishevelled barbarian looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic gangster gone bad. 
He's a maverick guitar-strumming librarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's an impetuous albino paranormal investigator living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a maverick soccer-playing househusband on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a superhumanly strong pirate vagrant trapped in a world he never made. 
He's a bookish zombie card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave soccer-playing paramedic who believes he can never love again. 
He's a gun-slinging Amish grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding arachnophobic cyborg who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a superhumanly strong flyboy romance novelist in a wheelchair. 
He's a bookish hunchbacked waffle chef on the edge. 
He's a bookish small-town sorceror with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's an ungodly vegetarian romance novelist who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a genetically engineered ninja paramedic looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a sword-wielding albino messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a suave one-eyed assassin living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a jaded arachnophobic cowboy with nothing left to lose. 
He's a suicidal sweet-toothed werewolf searching for his wife's true killer. 
He's a suicidal moralistic assassin with a secret. 
He's an old-fashioned playboy grifter plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's an unconventional overambitious librarian with nothing left to lose. 
He's a world-famous skateboarding hairdresser who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a leather-clad one-eyed filmmaker plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a sword-wielding zombie jungle king  
He's a lonely voodoo firefighter in a wheelchair. 
He's a lounge-singing small-town Green Beret who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an all-American coffee-fuelled assassin for the 21st century. 
He's a fiendish umbrella-wielding senator on the run. 
He's a fiendish shark-wrestling gangster who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's an unconventional flyboy card sharp in a wheelchair. 
He's a short-sighted guitar-strumming romance novelist in drag. 
He's an unconventional Amish sorceror on a mission from God. 
He's a hate-fuelled Amish vampire hunter haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's an uncontrollable voodoo cat burglar on a mission from God. 
He's a lounge-singing day-dreaming barbarian fleeing from a secret government programme. 
He's a shy arachnophobic waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese ninja cowboy from a doomed world. 
He's an underprivileged overambitious stage actor with acid for blood. 
He's a notorious chivalrous waffle chef on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a benighted day-dreaming cop for the 21st century. 
He's a scrappy moralistic ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a short-sighted overambitious librarian gone bad. 
He's a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding househusband fleeing from a secret government programme. 
 She's a manipulative out-of-work barmaid from Mars
 She's a sharp-shooting goth doctor fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a hard-bitten paranoid opera singer who don't take no shit from nobody
 She's an enchanted punk mechanic on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
 Circus
 She's a scantily clad winged detective with an incredible destiny
 She's a warm-hearted antique-collecting Valkyrie with someone else's memories
 She's a green-fingered junkie doctor from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a strong-willed out-of-work opera singer in the witness protection scheme
 She's a sarcastic insomniac snake charmer with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a brilliant antique-collecting fairy princess with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a green-fingered green-skinned magician's assistant with the soul of a mighty warrior
 She's a sarcastic French-Canadian traffic cop with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a vivacious winged nun on the trail of a serial killer
 She's a brilliant extravagent former first lady with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a time-travelling winged traffic cop with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a strong-willed paranoid mermaid married to the Mob
 She's an elegant communist Hell's Angel from a different time and place
 She's a warm-hearted hip-hop advertising executive who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a transdimensional green-skinned soap star who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
 She's a radical French-Canadian pearl diver with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
 She's a pregnant wisecracking soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis
 She's a cynical wisecracking wrestler from a secret island of warrior women
 She's a provocative African-American fairy princess from a family of eight older brothers
 She's a mentally unstable out-of-work pearl diver descended from a line of powerful witches
 She's a high-kicking mute detective living homeless in New York's sewers
 She's a pregnant Buddhist mercenary with an evil twin sister
 She's a high-kicking impetuous archaeologist with only herself to blame
 She's a time-travelling extravagent advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 They fight crime!
 She's a strong-willed insomniac soap star with an MBA from Harvard
' She's an enchanted nymphomaniac journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
 They fight crime!
 She's a time-travelling French-Canadian bounty hunter operating on the wrong side of the law
 She's a radical gypsy nun on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
' She's a plucky insomniac traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks
 She's a transdimensional thirtysomething advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds
 She's a scantily clad mutant angel with only herself to blame
 She's a chain-smoking antique-collecting detective who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
 She's a beautiful African-American stripper looking for love in all the wrong places
 She's a virginal bisexual detective who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
 She's a disco-crazy mutant archaeologist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
 She's a foxy junkie mechanic with a flame-thrower
 She's a virginal extravagent pearl diver prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
 She's an elegant mutant traffic cop with a flame-thrower
 She's a bloodthirsty red-headed politician fleeing from a Satanic cult
 She's a bloodthirsty renegade archaeologist who can talk to animals
 They fight crime!
 She's a tortured mute queen of the dead from Mars
 She's a pregnant streetsmart vampire from beyond the grave They fight crime!
He's a suicidal ninja master criminal moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a maverick crooked ex-con possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's an impetuous arachnophobic househusband who believes he can never love again
He's a fast talking flyboy master criminal on the edge
He's an underprivileged playboy grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros
He's a bookish crooked hairdresser from the 'hood
He's an immortal Catholic farmboy with a secret
He's a one-legged bohemian househusband on the edge
He's an old-fashioned Republican senator from the Mississippi delta
He's a genetically engineered amnesiac hairdresser in drag
He's an all-American hunchbacked ex-con on a mission from God
He's a globe-trotting Republican vampire hunter with nothing left to lose
He's a fast talking playboy master criminal who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a gun-slinging native American filmmaker with acid for blood
He's a short-sighted albino gentleman spy possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect
He's a deeply religious amnesiac boxer who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a superhumanly strong skateboarding rock star moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's an otherworldly ninja firefighter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a maverick guerilla cat burglar on a search for his missing sister
He's a fiendish Jewish Green Beret on a mission from God
He's a fast talking Jewish stage actor with a passion for fast cars
He's a benighted guitar-strumming sorceror on the edge
He's a shy moralistic dog-catcher who believes he can never love again
He's a globe-trotting bohemian Green Beret from the Mississippi delta
He's a notorious flyboy cyborg who believes he can never love again
He's a suicidal guitar-strumming waffle chef haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a world-famous Catholic vampire hunter who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a scrappy devious vampire hunter haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a scarfaced pirate paranormal investigator from a doomed world
He's a deeply religious Jewish cyborg haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a plucky red-headed single mother married to the Mob
He's an underprivileged amnesiac cyborg from the 'hood
He's a lonely flyboy boxer looking for 'the Big One
He's a globe-trotting Amish househusband haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's an orphaned nymphomaniac schoolgirl trying to make a difference in a man's world
He's an unconventional sweet-toothed photographer with no name
He's a globe-trotting neurotic gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a globe-trotting one-eyed filmmaker looking for 'the Big One
He's a sword-wielding white trash rock star who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's an otherworldly umbrella-wielding assassin on the edge
He's a fiendish overambitious stage actor who must take medication to keep him sane
He's a suave Republican grifter with a passion for fast cars
He's a short-sighted pirate waffle chef with a secret
He's an obese amnesiac househusband for the 21st century
He's a fast talking alcoholic romance novelist with acid for blood
He's a shy small-town dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a jaded zombie waffle chef with a winning smile and a way with the ladies
He's a lounge-singing amnesiac barbarian from a doomed world
He's a globe-trotting guitar-strumming paramedic who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a one-legged Amish barbarian haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a supernatural renegade cab driver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
He's a witless neurotic card sharp in drag
He's a fast talking alcoholic waffle chef with acid for blood
1:She's a provocative belly-dancing socialite with an evil twin sister. 
2:She's a blind motormouth barmaid from beyond the grave 
3:She's a virginal snooty queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
4:She's an elegant out-of-work former first lady looking for love in all the wrong places. 
5:She's a mistrustful tomboy politician with a knack for trouble. 
6:She's a cynical out-of-work lawyer with someone else's memories. 
7:She's a strong-willed out-of-work detective with her own daytime radio talk show. 
8:She's a cosmopolitan blonde widow with a knack for trouble. 
9:She's a foxy bisexual snake charmer with a flame-thrower. 
10:She's a hard-bitten wisecracking femme fatale in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
11:She's an enchanted mute single mother living on borrowed time. 
12:She's a psychotic kleptomaniac doctor living on borrowed time. 
13:She's a sharp-shooting blonde pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
14:She's an enchanted renegade snake charmer descended from a line of powerful witches. 
15:She's a time-travelling tempestuous traffic cop who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
16:She's a manipulative winged pearl diver on the trail of a serial killer. 
17:She's an orphaned blonde socialite who can talk to animals. 
18:She's an enchanted junkie college professor from aristocratic European stock. 
19:She's a man-hating communist pearl diver who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
20:She's a blind wisecracking nun with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
21:She's a violent cigar-chomping journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
22:She's a vivacious nymphomaniac politician married to the Mob. 
23:She's a hard-bitten mutant snake charmer in the witness protection scheme. 
24:She's a psychotic wisecracking mechanic with her own daytime radio talk show. 
25:She's a ditzy African-American cab driver who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
26:She's a man-hating out-of-work mercenary with her own daytime radio talk show. 
27:She's a scantily clad cigar-chomping stripper with an evil twin sister. 
28:She's an orphaned kleptomaniac college professor with the power to see death. 
29:She's a manipulative junkie femme fatale with her own daytime radio talk show. 
30:She's an artistic winged advertising executive from a different time and place. 
31:She's a sarcastic belly-dancing bodyguard fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
32:She's a radical psychic advertising executive fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
33:She's a cynical thirtysomething queen of the dead who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
34:She's a foxy Buddhist opera singer who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
35:She's a cynical French-Canadian angel in the witness protection scheme. 
36:She's a warm-hearted paranoid nun descended from a line of powerful witches. 
37:She's an orphaned renegade bounty hunter on the trail of a serial killer. 
38:She's a provocative Bolivian wrestler trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
39:She's a blind junkie stripper living homeless in New York's sewers. 
40:She's a plucky mute mechanic from a family of eight older brothers. 
41:She's a scantily clad punk socialite from the wrong side of the tracks. 
42:She's a disco-crazy mute traffic cop from a secret island of warrior women. 
43:She's a mistrustful cigar-chomping barmaid from Mars. 
44:She's a sharp-shooting French-Canadian advertising executive from Mars. 
45:She's a vivacious out-of-work single mother who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
46:She's an enchanted insomniac mermaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
47:She's a cosmopolitan bisexual mechanic trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
48:She's a hard-bitten snooty mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
49:She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac safe cracker with her own daytime radio talk show. 
50:She's a disco-crazy bisexual Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
1:He's a short-sighted day-dreaming photographer for the 21st century. 
2:He's a jaded gay cat burglar from the Mississippi delta. 
3:He's a short-sighted ninja jungle king on a search for his missing sister. 
4:He's an otherworldly albino gangster who must take medication to keep him sane. 
5:He's a lounge-singing skateboarding boxer fleeing from a secret government programme. 
6:He's a Nobel prize-winning arachnophobic gangster in a wheelchair. 
7:He's an impetuous misogynist card sharp on the run. 
8:He's a jaded hunchbacked assassin from the Mississippi delta. 
9:He's a hate-fuelled voodoo paramedic in drag. 
10:He's a gun-slinging pirate photographer from a doomed world. 
11:He's a bookish neurotic matador on the run. 
12:He's an ungodly day-dreaming ex-con from the 'hood. 
13:He's an unconventional drug-addicted messiah who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
14:He's a leather-clad native American waffle chef with a passion for fast cars. 
15:He's a jaded chivalrous vampire hunter gone bad. 
16:He's a lounge-singing flyboy cowboy on a mission from God. 
17:He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding firefighter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
18:He's an immortal sweet-toothed photographer with a secret. 
19:He's a war-weary flyboy ex-con whom everyone believes is mad. 
20:He's a superhumanly strong sweet-toothed rock star looking for 'the Big One.' 
21:He's an immortal coffee-fuelled Green Beret with a secret. 
22:He's a short-sighted guerilla vampire hunter from the Mississippi delta. 
23:He's an unconventional sweet-toothed paranormal investigator plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
24:He's a bookish white trash stage actor whom everyone believes is mad. 
25:He's a bookish small-town househusband with a passion for fast cars. 
26:He's a shy white trash Green Beret plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
27:He's an obese zombie shaman with nothing left to lose. 
28:He's a short-sighted zombie shaman for the 21st century. 
29:He's an ungodly sweet-toothed househusband possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
30:He's a fiendish one-eyed photographer possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
31:He's an otherworldly devious househusband with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
32:He's a leather-clad dishevelled paramedic with a secret. 
33:He's a shy playboy vampire hunter from a doomed world. 
34:He's a deeply religious bohemian stage actor who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
35:He's a time-tossed devious astronaut on the run. 
36:He's a gun-slinging flyboy firefighter on a search for his missing sister. 
37:He's an old-fashioned moralistic assassin from the Mississippi delta. 
38:He's an obese Republican farmboy with acid for blood. 
39:He's an uncontrollable dishevelled cowboy looking for 'the Big One.' 
40:He's a leather-clad day-dreaming Green Beret living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
41:He's an unconventional moralistic vagrant with no name. 
42:He's a witless Republican shaman on his last day in the job. 
43:He's a shy alcoholic gangster moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
44:He's an ungodly guitar-strumming barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
45:He's a short-sighted ninja werewolf on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
46:He's a time-tossed guerilla vampire hunter with no name. 
47:He's a war-weary Catholic cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
48:He's an obese ninja dog-catcher haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
49:He's a Nobel prize-winning Republican senator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
50:He's a benighted native American paranormal investigator with a secret. 
 a one-legged sweet-toothed librarian with acid for blood.
 a hate-fuelled crooked hairdresser in drag.
 a one-legged shark-wrestling grifter whom everyone believes is mad.
 an immortal zombie stage actor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a Nobel prize-winning Republican firefighter from a doomed world.
 a scarfaced hunchbacked gangster who believes he can never love again.
 a fiendish Amish cowboy with a passion for fast cars.
 an ungodly one-eyed paramedic fleeing from a secret government programme.
 an ungodly ninja stage actor fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a suave zombie vagrant possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
 a Nobel prize-winning flyboy filmmaker who believes he can never love again.
 a maverick playboy rock star for the 21st century.
 a globe-trotting alcoholic cowboy with nothing left to lose.
 a fiendish albino cowboy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
 a fast talking neurotic sorceror who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
 an old-fashioned misogynist werewolf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a notorious alcoholic paramedic on his last day in the job.
 an underprivileged neurotic farmboy on his last day in the job.
 a deeply religious native American farmboy on the edge.
 a one-legged zombie cowboy who hangs with the wrong crowd.
 a lounge-singing one-eyed rock star trapped in a world he never made.
 an oversexed small-town astronaut trapped in a world he never made.
 a fiendish guitar-strumming card sharp fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a maverick arachnophobic househusband moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble.
 a suicidal amnesiac werewolf who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
 a lonely neurotic dwarf fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a bookish native American cat burglar on a search for his missing sister.
 a fast talking white trash househusband from a doomed world.
 a lonely crooked cat burglar searching for his wife\'s true killer.
 an impetuous crooked firefighter from a doomed world.
 a Nobel prize-winning moralistic boxer trapped in a world he never made.
 a war-weary Jewish dog-catcher looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
 a jaded crooked inventor gone bad.
 a notorious playboy shaman on the run.
 a short-sighted voodoo card sharp with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
 a fiendish moralistic cat burglar fleeing from a secret government programme.
 a fiendish crooked dog-catcher on his last day in the job.
 an immortal pirate shaman looking for \'the Big One.\'
 a Nobel prize-winning pirate werewolf with acid for blood.
 an underprivileged one-eyed sorceror with a passion for fast cars.
 an obese chivalrous cop searching for his wife\'s true killer.
 a benighted guitar-strumming filmmaker possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
 an ungodly vegetarian shaman haunted by memories of \'Nam.
 a scarfaced small-town romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
 a leather-clad zombie ex-con who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
 a shy neurotic cowboy with a secret.
 a scarfaced native American astronaut 
 an otherworldly day-dreaming card sharp with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
 a globe-trotting coffee-fuelled farmboy from a doomed world.
 an otherworldly hunchbacked dwarf living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
 a wealthy gold-digging schoolgirl prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional kleptomaniac detective from beyond the grave
 a man-hating winged nun trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
 a provocative red-headed hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a blind mute soap star who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 a virginal mutant bodyguard from a different time and place.
 a vivacious Bolivian college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
 a supernatural blonde cab driver in the witness protection scheme.
 a man-hating kleptomaniac barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 a pregnant red-headed magician\'s assistant with a flame-thrower.
 a strong-willed mute safe cracker who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
 an elegant hip-hop politician from Mars.
 a cosmopolitan hypochondriac femme fatale from Mars.
 a psychotic hip-hop wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show.
 a blind tempestuous soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a strong-willed renegade Hell\'s Angel with someone else\'s memories.
 a cynical blonde lawyer who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
 a cynical wisecracking socialite from beyond the grave
 a man-hating thirtysomething soap star who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
 a green-fingered impetuous barmaid from beyond the grave
 a green-fingered impetuous nun with the power to see death.
 a beautiful punk research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a cold-hearted cigar-chomping bounty hunter with only herself to blame.
 a supernatural gold-digging mermaid with an evil twin sister.
 a brilliant streetsmart bounty hunter with an MBA from Harvard.
 an orphaned cigar-chomping doctor in the wrong place at the wrong time.
 a transdimensional belly-dancing widow from aristocratic European stock.
 a cynical gypsy pearl diver with the power to bend men\'s minds.
 a beautiful gold-digging socialite on the trail of a serial killer.
 a virginal mute fairy princess on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a warm-hearted French-Canadian journalist looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a sharp-shooting African-American mechanic with the power to see death.
 a beautiful paranoid college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a disco-crazy motormouth magician\'s assistant from beyond the grave
 a foxy tomboy vampire on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
 a pregnant thirtysomething barmaid from a different time and place.
 a scantily clad hypochondriac widow married to the Mob.
 a chain-smoking wisecracking mermaid from a family of eight older brothers.
 a violent nymphomaniac single mother on the trail of a serial killer.
 a chain-smoking mutant queen of the dead who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an elegant wisecracking college professor with a flame-thrower.
 a sharp-shooting renegade soap star looking for love in all the wrong places.
 a blind wisecracking bounty hunter from a different time and place.
 a sharp-shooting wisecracking wrestler from beyond the grave
 a blind out-of-work barmaid with a flame-thrower.
 an artistic green-skinned archaeologist married to the Mob.
 a high-kicking cigar-chomping opera singer on the trail of a serial killer.
 a tortured kleptomaniac wrestler prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
 a transdimensional mute fairy princess who dreams of becoming Elvis.
 an artistic winged mermaid who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles.
She's a green-fingered motormouth traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a disco-crazy snooty Valkyrie with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a man-hating communist journalist descended from a line of powerful witches
She's a virginal kleptomaniac schoolgirl with her own daytime radio talk show
She's a scantily clad foul-mouthed Valkyrie fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a provocative mute magician's assistant fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a vivacious cat-loving former first lady with the power to bend men's minds
She's a high-kicking paranoid mermaid from a different time and place
She's an enchanted belly-dancing mechanic with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a wealthy motormouth museum curator from Mars
She's a wealthy motormouth wrestler with a flame-thrower
She's a cold-hearted renegade single mother in the witness protection scheme
She's a cold-hearted foul-mouthed magician's assistant with only herself to blame
She's a tortured punk lawyer with the power to see death
She's a radical punk doctor from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a sharp-shooting mutant Hell's Angel from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a ditzy cigar-chomping hooker with a flame-thrower
She's a supernatural tomboy traffic cop with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a scantily clad mutant detective from aristocratic European stock
She's a foxy hip-hop wrestler with an MBA from Harvard
She's a plucky extravagent hooker with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a plucky psychic politician from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a transdimensional gypsy journalist from out of town
She's a provocative blonde bounty hunter who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt
She's a man-hating wisecracking detective in the wrong place at the wrong time
She's a plucky kleptomaniac traffic cop with an MBA from Harvard
She's a virginal gold-digging stripper with an MBA from Harvard
She's a bloodthirsty antique-collecting snake charmer who don't take no shit from nobody
She's a chain-smoking extravagent queen of the dead who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's a cynical mute bodyguard with an incredible destiny
She's a strong-willed motormouth mercenary who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen
She's a virginal renegade widow with the soul of a mighty warrior
She's a mistrustful wisecracking mercenary with the power to see death
She's a pregnant paranoid mechanic prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage
She's a brilliant insomniac single mother with a song in her heart and a spring in her step
She's a hard-bitten hip-hop fairy princess from beyond the grave They fight crime!
She's a pregnant wisecracking mermaid from the wrong side of the tracks
She's a tortured Bolivian nun with only herself to blame
She's a transdimensional goth stripper who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles
She's an artistic mutant cab driver living homeless in New York's sewers
She's a mentally unstable hypochondriac nun with a knack for trouble
She's a cosmopolitan cigar-chomping pearl diver married to the Mob
She's a manipulative cigar-chomping mechanic fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a green-fingered cat-loving single mother trying to make a difference in a man's world
She's a wealthy insomniac mercenary in the witness protection scheme
She's a foxy snooty bounty hunter looking for love in all the wrong places
She's a supernatural red-headed barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult
She's a psychotic blonde journalist with a knack for trouble
She's a transdimensional renegade single mother who dreams of becoming Elvis
She's an artistic tempestuous traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracksHe's a gun-slinging dishevelled filmmaker from the 'hood
He's a superhumanly strong misogynist cat burglar moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a leather-clad dishevelled master criminal on a search for his missing sister
He's a Nobel prize-winning voodoo photographer with acid for blood
He's a fiendish misogynist werewolf who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a jaded drug-addicted grifter looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's an underprivileged sweet-toothed farmboy who believes he can never love again
He's a hate-fuelled one-eyed grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a gun-slinging umbrella-wielding vampire hunter searching for his wife's true killer
He's a sword-wielding drug-addicted messiah who dotes on his loving old ma
He's a globe-trotting shark-wrestling paranormal investigator from the 'hood
He's an old-fashioned hunchbacked stage actor on his last day in the job
He's a suave misogynist astronaut for the 21st century
He's an oversexed Catholic househusband who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a maverick chivalrous waffle chef who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a shy arachnophobic firefighter in a wheelchair
He's a maverick albino farmboy trapped in a world he never made
He's a fiendish arachnophobic senator who dotes on his loving old ma
He's an unconventional crooked stage actor  She's an enchanted Bolivian hooker on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit
He's a war-weary flyboy filmmaker with a robot buddy named Sparky
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding dwarf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm
He's an immortal zombie grifter haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a suicidal Republican card sharp searching for his wife's true killer
He's a short-sighted sweet-toothed cop moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a one-legged flyboy vampire hunter who knows the secret of the alien invasion
He's a benighted moralistic vagrant for the 21st century
He's an immortal albino senator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante She's a beautiful punk bodyguard with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch
He's a lounge-singing native American librarian who must take medication to keep him sane
He's an otherworldly guitar-strumming boxer with acid for blood
He's a fiendish one-eyed barbarian on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a scrappy guerilla dog-catcher who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a benighted albino matador searching for his wife's true killer
He's a deeply religious soccer-playing gangster looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins
He's a sword-wielding sweet-toothed grifter on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a leather-clad overambitious gangster from the Mississippi delta
He's a suicidal devious ex-con from a doomed world
He's a suicidal arachnophobic barbarian who hides his scarred face behind a mask
He's a suicidal Amish jungle king trapped in a world he never made
He's a short-sighted skateboarding barbarian who believes he can never love again
He's a maverick zombie inventor moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble
He's a benighted bohemian ex-con with a passion for fast cars
He's a world-famous misogynist filmmaker with no name
He's a fiendish alcoholic ex-con gone bad
He's a benighted small-town dog-catcher with nothing left to lose
He's a one-legged sweet-toothed messiah on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature
He's a leather-clad misogynist farmboy haunted by memories of 'Nam
He's a hate-fuelled dishevelled master criminal who hangs with the wrong crowd
He's a fast talking dishevelled romance novelist looking for 'the Big One
He's a hate-fuelled white trash sorceror on his last day in the job
He's a maverick voodoo matador from the Mississippi deltaHe\'s a benighted arachnophobic inventor in drag.
He\'s a one-legged alcoholic librarian in drag.
He\'s a hate-fuelled Amish matador in a wheelchair.
He\'s a fast talking amnesiac firefighter from a doomed world.
He\'s an uncontrollable neurotic inventor searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a lounge-singing umbrella-wielding cop who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He\'s an impetuous Amish grifter with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He\'s a globe-trotting native American paranormal investigator on the run.
He\'s a scrappy zombie assassin possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He\'s a leather-clad white trash card sharp haunted by memories of \'Nam.
He\'s a bookish drug-addicted card sharp searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a witless one-eyed sorceror trapped in a world he never made.
He\'s a gun-slinging zombie assassin on a search for his missing sister.
He\'s an immortal umbrella-wielding master criminal searching for his wife\'s true killer.
He\'s a hate-fuelled soccer-playing cop who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s an all-American one-eyed dog-catcher who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He\'s a fast talking misogynist dwarf with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He\'s a time-tossed drug-addicted senator whom everyone believes is mad.
He\'s a notorious native American hairdresser on the run.
He\'s a Nobel prize-winning Catholic Green Beret with no name.
He\'s a time-tossed crooked cat burglar looking for \'the Big One.\'
He\'s a superhumanly strong Jewish cyborg on his last day in the job.
He\'s a witless white trash matador who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He\'s a genetically engineered gay ex-con with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He\'s an oversexed zombie waffle chef on the wrong side of the law.
He\'s an immortal bohemian dwarf who believes he can never love again.
He\'s an unconventional sweet-toothed jungle king who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s an oversexed hunchbacked sorceror who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He\'s a war-weary bohemian cat burglar with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a time-tossed sweet-toothed master criminal who believes he can never love again.
He\'s a suicidal chivalrous dog-catcher in drag.
He\'s a short-sighted flyboy messiah on the wrong side of the law.
He\'s a short-sighted neurotic dog-catcher with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He\'s an oversexed vegetarian stage actor from a doomed world.
He\'s an obese small-town ex-con haunted by memories of \'Nam.
He\'s an ungodly skateboarding paranormal investigator with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a hate-fuelled day-dreaming photographer in a wheelchair.
He\'s an uncontrollable native American astronaut from a doomed world.
He\'s an obese chivalrous cat burglar with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He\'s an uncontrollable umbrella-wielding matador looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins.
He\'s a time-tossed ninja stage actor who believes he can never love again.
He\'s a bookish moralistic paranormal investigator on his last day in the job.
He\'s a jaded guitar-strumming inventor who dotes on his loving old ma.
He\'s an uncontrollable moralistic jungle king living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He\'s a leather-clad shark-wrestling astronaut whom everyone believes is mad.
He\'s a notorious voodoo grifter with a secret.
He\'s an uncontrollable hunchbacked grifter on his last day in the job.
He\'s an immortal dishevelled barbarian from the \'hood.
He\'s an old-fashioned amnesiac hairdresser with a passion for fast cars.
He\'s a hate-fuelled Catholic messiah plagued by the memory of his family\'s brutal murder.
She\'s a virginal communist Valkyrie operating on the wrong side of the law.
She\'s a blind paranoid advertising executive with a knack for trouble.
She\'s a manipulative African-American doctor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a high-kicking belly-dancing widow who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She\'s a strong-willed punk fairy princess married to the Mob.
She\'s a wealthy green-skinned stripper from beyond the grave
She\'s a mistrustful gold-digging widow with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a time-travelling extravagent stripper fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She\'s a man-hating mutant Hell\'s Angel with only herself to blame.
She\'s a scantily clad antique-collecting schoolgirl with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a high-kicking antique-collecting college professor with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a disco-crazy antique-collecting college professor with the power to bend men\'s minds.
She\'s a beautiful French-Canadian schoolgirl who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a cold-hearted thirtysomething politician from aristocratic European stock.
She\'s a sharp-shooting bisexual snake charmer with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a radical French-Canadian journalist prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage.
She\'s a brilliant gypsy queen of the dead living homeless in New York\'s sewers.
She\'s an artistic communist former first lady with an evil twin sister.
She\'s a psychotic motormouth stripper who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a green-fingered kleptomaniac college professor on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a cold-hearted foul-mouthed advertising executive with the power to see death.
She\'s an orphaned communist traffic cop from the wrong side of the tracks.
She\'s a violent green-skinned nun in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She\'s a tortured foul-mouthed hooker with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a sharp-shooting mutant college professor with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She\'s an elegant motormouth mermaid married to the Mob.
She\'s a bloodthirsty Bolivian mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She\'s an artistic belly-dancing snake charmer living on borrowed time.
She\'s a tortured cat-loving schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a brilliant communist lawyer trying to make a difference in a man\'s world.
She\'s a wealthy communist Valkyrie with her own daytime radio talk show.
She\'s a virginal tomboy traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She\'s a scantily clad psychic former first lady with her own daytime radio talk show.
She\'s an enchanted streetsmart single mother with a birthmark shaped like Liberty\'s torch.
She\'s a brilliant hypochondriac soap star with a knack for trouble.
She\'s a brilliant red-headed nun operating on the wrong side of the law.
She\'s an artistic red-headed mercenary with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a cynical hypochondriac advertising executive living homeless in New York\'s sewers.
She\'s a wealthy nymphomaniac advertising executive fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She\'s a cold-hearted antique-collecting socialite who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She\'s a vivacious tempestuous bounty hunter who dreams of becoming Elvis.
She\'s a cynical renegade nun from the wrong side of the tracks.
She\'s a radical streetsmart museum curator looking for love in all the wrong places.
She\'s an artistic French-Canadian cab driver on her way to prison for a murder she didn\'t commit.
She\'s a strong-willed winged former first lady with an incredible destiny.
She\'s a green-fingered Buddhist research scientist with the power to bend men\'s minds.
She\'s a high-kicking tomboy single mother with an MBA from Harvard.
She\'s a bloodthirsty punk archaeologist from beyond the grave
She\'s a high-kicking blonde detective with a flame-thrower.
She\'s a disco-crazy psychic angel with a knack for trouble.
She's a man-hating kleptomaniac queen of the dead with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a violent cigar-chomping mermaid fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical insomniac magician's assistant in the witness protection scheme. 
She's an enchanted French-Canadian museum curator fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart hooker trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a chain-smoking cigar-chomping lawyer with only herself to blame. 
She's a plucky red-headed pearl diver on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a beautiful streetsmart stripper with only herself to blame. 
She's a time-travelling belly-dancing museum curator married to the Mob. 
She's a strong-willed kleptomaniac nun in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a transdimensional gypsy safe cracker looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a sarcastic winged detective with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart doctor with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a bloodthirsty African-American bodyguard who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's a strong-willed nymphomaniac traffic cop with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a chain-smoking cat-loving mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's an orphaned hypochondriac research scientist with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an elegant wisecracking queen of the dead with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a mistrustful goth hooker descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a beautiful communist safe cracker who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a bloodthirsty impetuous barmaid married to the Mob. 
She's a ditzy hip-hop mermaid looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a cynical thirtysomething doctor with a flame-thrower. 
She's a beautiful green-skinned museum curator with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's a sarcastic tempestuous fairy princess with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a violent French-Canadian college professor prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a radical hypochondriac doctor with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a high-kicking winged bodyguard looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's a high-kicking blonde traffic cop from Mars. 
She's a virginal tempestuous widow in the wrong place at the wrong time. 
She's a vivacious antique-collecting advertising executive with the power to bend men's minds. 
She's a brilliant kleptomaniac traffic cop who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a time-travelling mutant college professor from out of town. 
She's a bloodthirsty snooty barmaid with an evil twin sister. 
She's a mentally unstable wisecracking angel who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a cynical hip-hop Valkyrie who hides her beauty behind a pair of thick-framed spectacles. 
She's a sarcastic belly-dancing widow who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a cold-hearted thirtysomething fairy princess with a flame-thrower. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist safe cracker with an evil twin sister. 
She's a brilliant insomniac vampire who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a psychotic wisecracking detective from aristocratic European stock. 
She's an orphaned motormouth college professor from Mars. 
She's a plucky antique-collecting journalist from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a hard-bitten French-Canadian mermaid from Mars. 
She's a manipulative African-American snake charmer prone to fits of savage, blood-crazed rage. 
She's a blind Bolivian bounty hunter from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a time-travelling nymphomaniac soap star who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a foxy out-of-work bodyguard with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a cosmopolitan kleptomaniac journalist living on borrowed time. 
She's a provocative communist soap star living homeless in New York's sewers. 
He's a genetically engineered guitar-strumming cop with nothing left to lose.
He's an unconventional guerilla astronaut on his last day in the job.
He's a superhumanly strong devious ex-con who must take medication to keep him sane.
He's a lonely hunchbacked rock star from the 'hood.
He's a notorious Amish paranormal investigator from the 'hood.
He's a gun-slinging albino waffle chef on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature.
He's a deeply religious devious rock star from the Mississippi delta.
He's a world-famous dishevelled cowboy fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a suicidal Amish grifter in a wheelchair.
He's an uncontrollable white trash gentleman spy from a doomed world.
He's an uncontrollable Jewish paramedic who believes he can never love again.
He's a globe-trotting white trash card sharp living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a benighted soccer-playing gangster who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a time-tossed pirate hairdresser searching for his wife's true killer.
He's an impetuous neurotic vagrant for the 21st century.
He's an obese albino shaman plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's an obese playboy romance novelist 
He's a witless day-dreaming jungle king in a wheelchair.
He's an immortal zombie dog-catcher in a wheelchair.
He's a lounge-singing zombie romance novelist in a wheelchair.
He's an impetuous flyboy senator who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a notorious small-town romance novelist haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's an all-American Republican werewolf fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's a world-famous vegetarian barbarian on the wrong side of the law.
He's a Nobel prize-winning guerilla cowboy who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a sword-wielding one-eyed inventor who believes he can never love again.
He's an impetuous day-dreaming ex-con with a winning smile and a way with the ladies.
He's a gun-slinging sweet-toothed inventor on a search for his missing sister.
He's an unconventional ninja paranormal investigator trapped in a world he never made.
He's a scrappy day-dreaming farmboy on the wrong side of the law.
He's a suicidal Jewish paranormal investigator from the 'hood.
He's a war-weary small-town photographer haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a notorious playboy stage actor with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm.
He's a deeply religious misogynist astronaut from the Mississippi delta.
He's a superhumanly strong vegetarian vagrant from the 'hood.
He's an old-fashioned ninja dwarf with acid for blood.
He's a bookish one-eyed photographer from the 'hood.
He's a fast talking hunchbacked waffle chef who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a bookish hunchbacked cowboy who hides his scarred face behind a mask.
He's a hate-fuelled Jewish senator fleeing from a secret government programme.
He's an uncontrollable ninja master criminal with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a jaded Amish cowboy plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder.
He's a lounge-singing flyboy astronaut on his last day in the job.
He's a war-weary neurotic matador haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a hate-fuelled skateboarding senator in drag.
He's an otherworldly one-eyed waffle chef with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a benighted Catholic grifter living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's an all-American hunchbacked firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a short-sighted hunchbacked Green Beret who believes he can never love again.
He's a suicidal voodoo cowboy living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a deeply religious ninja paramedic from the 'hood.
He's an oversexed day-dreaming jungle king possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect.
He's a maverick Republican photographer on the run.
He's an obese gay househusband gone bad.
He's an impetuous albino cyborg in drag.
He's a witless playboy ex-con with a passion for fast cars.
He's an obese one-eyed astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion.
He's a gun-slinging voodoo vampire hunter in a wheelchair.
He's a one-legged soccer-playing sorceror whom everyone believes is mad.
He's an ungodly drug-addicted grifter on the wrong side of the law.
He's a lonely white trash ex-con who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a benighted alcoholic boxer with no name.
He's an obese one-eyed cowboy from the 'hood.
He's a scarfaced drug-addicted jungle king who believes he can never love again.
He's a suave devious dog-catcher with a secret.
He's a benighted gay cyborg in drag.
He's a gun-slinging native American rock star trapped in a world he never made.
He's a fiendish Republican romance novelist on a mission from God.
He's a deeply religious gay gentleman spy haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a leather-clad white trash jungle king in drag.
He's an old-fashioned guitar-strumming gangster who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a genetically engineered small-town vampire hunter
He's a benighted Amish barbarian on his last day in the job.
He's a jaded white trash librarian with a secret.
He's an impetuous hunchbacked assassin for the 21st century.
He's a shy vegetarian filmmaker who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an obese sweet-toothed boxer with nothing left to lose.
He's a leather-clad overambitious dog-catcher with a passion for fast cars.
He's a superhumanly strong one-eyed firefighter who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's a benighted Amish ex-con for the 21st century.
He's a suave guerilla paranormal investigator haunted by an iconic dead American confidante
He's a one-legged vegetarian hairdresser who believes he can never love again.
He's a scarfaced pirate card sharp from the Mississippi delta.
He's a jaded umbrella-wielding inventor with a secret.
He's a scarfaced umbrella-wielding dog-catcher on the wrong side of the law.
He's an oversexed umbrella-wielding firefighter
He's a hate-fuelled guitar-strumming waffle chef
He's an uncontrollable coffee-fuelled romance novelist with a passion for fast cars.
He's an oversexed alcoholic Green Beret from the Mississippi delta.
He's a gun-slinging dishevelled gentleman spy haunted by memories of 'Nam.
He's a lounge-singing pirate cyborg who dotes on his loving old ma.
He's a fast talking zombie senator who believes he can never love again.
He's an impetuous soccer-playing paranormal investigator on the edge.
He's a notorious native American card sharp with acid for blood.
He's a witless albino paranormal investigator with a robot buddy named Sparky.
He's a notorious Republican messiah living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus.
He's a war-weary guitar-strumming gangster on the run.
He's an immortal Catholic dwarf who hangs with the wrong crowd.
He's an obese moralistic hairdresser who believes he can never love again.
He's a suicidal guitar-strumming gentleman spy on a mission from God.
She's a scantily clad renegade snake charmer from beyond the grave
She's a cold-hearted antique-collecting college professor who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a man-hating hip-hop mermaid with the soul of a mighty warrior.
She's an artistic junkie college professor with a knack for trouble.
She's a provocative bisexual journalist on the trail of a serial killer.
She's a scantily clad African-American mercenary with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's an elegant impetuous queen of the dead from the wrong side of the tracks.
She's a manipulative tomboy barmaid who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's an enchanted antique-collecting wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a hard-bitten junkie opera singer with a song in her heart and a spring in her step.
She's a time-travelling snooty Hell's Angel from aristocratic European stock.
She's a tortured motormouth bounty hunter fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a blind red-headed advertising executive who don't take no shit from nobody.
She's a high-kicking snooty archaeologist with a flame-thrower.
She's a foxy antique-collecting soap star with someone else's memories.
She's a foxy Buddhist widow on the trail of a serial killer.
She's an enchanted out-of-work vampire with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch.
She's a foxy mute fairy princess from aristocratic European stock.
She's a psychotic gold-digging stripper with an MBA from Harvard.
She's a strong-willed motormouth opera singer married to the Mob.
She's a brilliant out-of-work schoolgirl who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a virginal snooty Valkyrie descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a tortured cigar-chomping detective with someone else's memories.
She's a manipulative gold-digging cab driver from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a psychotic punk soap star from beyond the grave
She's a pregnant French-Canadian detective with her own daytime radio talk show.
She's a strong-willed renegade bounty hunter from out of town.
She's a cosmopolitan antique-collecting safe cracker who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen.
She's a violent wisecracking stripper from a different time and place.
She's a manipulative motormouth safe cracker descended from a line of powerful witches.
She's a supernatural tomboy doctor with only herself to blame.
She's a vivacious wisecracking magician's assistant from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a scantily clad insomniac Valkyrie with someone else's memories.
She's a radical gypsy detective on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit.
She's a vivacious hip-hop mermaid with the power to see death.
She's a ditzy thirtysomething archaeologist with an evil twin sister.
She's a provocative impetuous opera singer from Mars.
She's an orphaned streetsmart barmaid fleeing from a Satanic cult.
She's a chain-smoking winged archaeologist who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt.
She's a man-hating insomniac mechanic in the wrong place at the wrong time.
She's a violent junkie mermaid with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a high-kicking Buddhist lawyer trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a cosmopolitan renegade wrestler from a family of eight older brothers.
She's a hard-bitten goth widow living homeless in New York's sewers.
She's an artistic nymphomaniac bodyguard with a flame-thrower.
She's a blind hip-hop vampire from beyond the grave
She's a sharp-shooting cigar-chomping detective with a knack for trouble.
She's an enchanted gypsy safe cracker trying to make a difference in a man's world.
She's a cosmopolitan impetuous hooker with the power to bend men's minds.
She's a mentally unstable Bolivian magician's assistant from a different time and place.
He's a short-sighted Jewish master criminal with a passion for fast cars. 
He's a gun-slinging bohemian jungle king in drag. 
He's an otherworldly albino werewolf from the Mississippi delta. 
He's an obese alcoholic photographer who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's an obese Republican cyborg looking for a cure to the poison coursing through his veins. 
He's a suicidal alcoholic dog-catcher who hides his scarred face behind a mask. 
He's a deeply religious shark-wrestling grifter who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a gun-slinging misogynist master criminal whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's an underprivileged skateboarding romance novelist with a robot buddy named Sparky. 
He's an uncontrollable Catholic inventor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a time-tossed white trash matador haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scrappy amnesiac cyborg from a doomed world. 
He's a scarfaced white trash master criminal from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a war-weary voodoo photographer whom everyone believes is mad. 
He's a one-legged arachnophobic gentleman spy with a mysterious suitcase handcuffed to his arm. 
He's a shy crooked grifter looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking Catholic paranormal investigator who must take medication to keep him sane. 
He's a jaded soccer-playing librarian on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a shy drug-addicted photographer with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a gun-slinging arachnophobic vagrant with a secret. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish gangster looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's a fast talking alcoholic sorceror possessed of the uncanny powers of an insect. 
He's a benighted crooked dwarf who believes he can never love again. 
He's a lonely Jewish hairdresser looking for 'the Big One.' 
He's an uncontrollable albino grifter moving from town to town, helping folk in trouble. 
He's an all-American Jewish astronaut who knows the secret of the alien invasion. 
He's a one-legged one-eyed astronaut with nothing left to lose. 
He's an oversexed neurotic gentleman spy with a passion for fast cars. 
He's an obese gay grifter from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a leather-clad vegetarian gangster on the wrong side of the law. 
He's a fast talking white trash rock star living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled Green Beret on a search for his missing sister. 
He's a suave native American sorceror on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a time-tossed Jewish senator in drag. 
He's a witless crooked master criminal with acid for blood. 
He's a genetically engineered chivalrous barbarian living undercover at Ringling Bros. Circus. 
He's a short-sighted playboy farmboy from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a suicidal Jewish astronaut with a winning smile and a way with the ladies. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic card sharp on a mission from God. 
He's a leather-clad alcoholic cyborg in a wheelchair. 
He's an uncontrollable neurotic senator who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a shy day-dreaming cat burglar who dotes on his loving old ma. 
He's a superhumanly strong white trash astronaut on the hunt for the last specimen of a great and near-mythical creature. 
He's a suave Amish hairdresser in drag. 
He's an ungodly native American househusband from the Mississippi delta. 
He's a lounge-singing alcoholic househusband haunted by memories of 'Nam. 
He's a time-tossed coffee-fuelled barbarian who hangs with the wrong crowd. 
He's a war-weary zombie stage actor plagued by the memory of his family's brutal murder. 
He's a notorious Catholic card sharp haunted by an iconic dead American confidante 
He's a scarfaced hunchbacked stage actor in a wheelchair. She's a wealthy African-American schoolgirl on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant nymphomaniac bodyguard from beyond the grave 
She's a foxy nymphomaniac socialite from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a manipulative French-Canadian barmaid with a birthmark shaped like Liberty's torch. 
She's an orphaned African-American queen of the dead married to the Mob. 
She's a sharp-shooting gold-digging angel descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a time-travelling winged soap star married to the Mob. 
She's an artistic mutant politician with a knack for trouble. 
She's a chain-smoking African-American Hell's Angel from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a strong-willed thirtysomething journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a beautiful punk queen of the dead from a family of eight older brothers. 
She's a cynical communist detective with someone else's memories. 
She's a tortured mutant cab driver looking for love in all the wrong places. 
She's an elegant communist journalist with a song in her heart and a spring in her step. 
She's a strong-willed hypochondriac mermaid with an incredible destiny. 
She's an orphaned bisexual safe cracker from aristocratic European stock. 
She's a man-hating Buddhist bodyguard from a different time and place. 
She's a strong-willed insomniac angel fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a virginal hypochondriac hooker operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's an artistic mute advertising executive from a secret island of warrior women. 
She's a high-kicking Buddhist barmaid from out of town. 
She's a vivacious red-headed stripper from the wrong side of the tracks. 
She's a plucky Bolivian lawyer with a flame-thrower. 
She's an orphaned wisecracking magician's assistant with an MBA from Harvard. 
She's a blind tomboy archaeologist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a vivacious kleptomaniac pearl diver with someone else's memories. 
She's a mentally unstable African-American mermaid with the power to see death. 
She's a blind mute advertising executive who believes she is the reincarnation of an ancient Egyptian queen. 
She's a brilliant impetuous soap star in the witness protection scheme. 
She's a supernatural renegade mercenary living homeless in New York's sewers. 
She's a chain-smoking streetsmart bodyguard trying to make a difference in a man's world. 
She's a vivacious paranoid archaeologist with a knack for trouble. 
She's a violent snooty advertising executive on her way to prison for a murder she didn't commit. 
She's a pregnant belly-dancing politician who inherited a spooky stately manor from her late maiden aunt. 
She's an artistic tomboy wrestler with her own daytime radio talk show. 
She's a chain-smoking snooty wrestler fleeing from a Satanic cult. 
She's a radical belly-dancing queen of the dead on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a wealthy renegade femme fatale who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a wealthy motormouth journalist operating on the wrong side of the law. 
She's a sarcastic antique-collecting former first lady who dreams of becoming Elvis. 
She's a manipulative insomniac soap star descended from a line of powerful witches. 
She's a high-kicking snooty stripper living on borrowed time. 
She's an orphaned psychic college professor on the trail of a serial killer. 
She's a violent belly-dancing politician with a flame-thrower. 
She's a scantily clad junkie museum curator with a flame-thrower. 
She's a virginal psychic museum curator with the soul of a mighty warrior. 
She's a time-travelling communist Valkyrie who don't take no shit from nobody. 
She's a warm-hearted African-American socialite with an incredible destiny. 
She's a ditzy mute lawyer from Mars. 
She's a hard-bitten junkie opera singer living homeless in New York's sewers. 